[Music]
what's up I was swelling up I would welcome
one more day to my channel I hope you're
enjoying the long weekend if you have
Andalusia or the beginning of the week if you
're somewhere else we're
here gossiping and we have a little subject
today a person came who has
n't been on this channel for a long time
well she came but for for not by her on
her own two feet she came through the hand of
a hater mieres project lately I wouldn't
need to talk to me lately
I've noticed in my area and wii michu
maybe they do things to get
attention maybe to appear on
salt channels be things although then there are people
who say no that it's to give their
opinion but of course I know when she uploads
a tweet in which she messes with all the
Andorran youtubers let's see normal that I
want to know what is so ugly you want to
be in the eye of the hurricane
without a problem I have no problem
mentioning her and taking out videos of
salseros that deal with her but don't
report them anymore this report but don't
report us is please family on this
occasion we are going to comment on a  podcast that he has
done I will assert myself I don't know if it is an
interview as such but I would say no
a podcast chatting and let's see
what little things he said do you think I will do has he
thrown some barbs or some
live of his or will it be a podcast
calm down well let's see I don't know
who it is okay I had no idea who
the guy from the podcast is at all I have never
seen him absolutely ever in my life his name is
reindeer like the ones in Santa's sleighs
I should prepare my script to
record the videos guys did he notice the
joke I just made now let's
see that
feminist women activists have been cancelled and I'm not defending it I'm
not saying they did the right thing but to put well
those tweets were 12 years ago bad
looks from five years old tweets of [ __ ]
[ __ ] and these people are never going to
have a space on social media again
ever again I'm not going to be the one to
judge if that's the right thing to do no but
nevertheless it's not surprising that
someone is cancelled for beating up their
partner
paid for parturition during childbirth and after
six  months nobody remembers and this
person continues doing their things on the
internet and continues to interact
normally and nobody points it out it's not worth it let's
see let's go step by step I mean I
partially agree with what has been said and it is
that it was one that works like that on the internet
but we have seen it with enormous things
we have seen it with things like there are ton
gameplays they made an incredible funa the
sweat the visits grew but
sometimes you are basically referring to the
[ __ ] of that so [ __ ] of Satan she is
a very progressive twitterer very very very very
progressive that is the typical one that is dedicated in
her social networks there pointing out to
everyone what is right what is
wrong and today it is do this that is very
capable and tista do not use this word
because it is very sexist do not do this in
something the other tweets have been brought to light
if I am not mistaken super racist
father of the lamb he is putting it
here on screens and finds them
because it has been viral I mean I think it was
like last month and it went viral of course
what happens is with liguilla  de mieres
has in fact participated in collaborations and that
makes the valentine and things like that
the local campaign is involved next to it
and what happens is that it says I'll
pretend that it's okay that there are times when I'm there and they
bankrupt you for things from
years ago and then there are times when they cancel
someone for something really big and
as the months go by they forget and it's that
literally standards and correct
Caribbean 74 points for gryffindor the
internet has two important things one
nobody forgets and two everyone forgets them
literally it's like that one they will always
haunt you for the things and the [ __ ] you've
done they will always always
see you and years will go by and maybe it will be
something from seven years ago and they will throw it
in your face look at the tweet you posted in
2013 always but nevertheless when
something really serious happens imagine being
canceled on the internet you go viral and
for a month you have to bury your
head in the sand like a [ __ ]
ostrich and a few weeks later someone
else is canceled or another topic goes
viral and people ignore you but
damn if not  I remember I'll do it he's been
with the same thing since 2016 now he's a
little bit better at the plots folder
no way now let's see if our
mask hands because in fact with the
energy issue he was pulling could give
them compared to three years ago and that he
's calmer he's more armed in his
group he doesn't forget but after more calm and
coughing and [ __ ] every time they move they
start from the group the mother I don't know what to
share tweet from Dallas from 2013 and
2014 and it's whatever the width of the funnel
doesn't depend on who is the canceled I don't
know with time and a lot of
reflections and listening to other girls
who do it is Trinity so I think that
mostly what I shouldn't know is a
public focus you know I pose because there have to be
people who see it as [ __ ]
great to pay for what I know because they
write their name on your ass nor will I
hate the economy no no that I know mine
in audio the economy here in it hates it is
Agustn who has said that he hates the
economy and that he wishes the world moved
through barter
writing tremendous point with the people out there
making content trying to do what is
done other types of things even if it
is fun interesting whatever and
go internet from four years ago go down in
other places and that's it you know but the
problem of
the street
I was referring to the internet sorry I was
thinking about the internet
I
like being able to go to other markets he
liked dark humor not at all
gustavo borner or sometimes
[Music]
is that you do not understand dark humor and
it's like mere honey I was doing
dark humor before you started
sucking tits you know it
is not humor it is not humor they assemble
bad day x they called h but humor is not it is not
funny you do not have thanks they will suffice me
in his day but I did not release a video on the subject
she threw it to Beijing
very directly to the hand but since I
came he made peace with Dallas yes they have
thrown barbs so many guys michu we have
seen wind said on many
occasions throwing barbs and sharing
tweets that messed with biden for the
tweets of 2013 when later there he does not
like to have his things thrown in his face
2013 and I will also have shared
some tweets in which he gets into
living together on the subject of tweets of well,
dark humor, dark humor that was not
funny
what is the name of this guy who is super,
very fans who was reported
because he said something about
Down syndrome to visuals
the truth is that it is funny
so attacked it is funny until it stops being funny I do
not have a very
cordial relationship how many visuals we follow each other on social
networks the times that we have needed
something from each other cool we have spoken
well but I do not like the humor too much
beast for me I am in this for example my
not so that they condemn him to
jail as they are asking but the you
and this one about Down syndrome seems to me to be in such
bad taste that you [ __ ] example is for
being very final and nothing but the thing is that I do not
like the humor of visuals
today nor did I like the humor of wind
michu in 2013 nor do I like to see weak and I
understand that today well you do not
do it I know that there are people who maybe do not
do it so that I do not cancel you and follow
people who do not  because really
that shame obviously when we
talk about something from 2003 we're
talking about an avalanche almost a decade ago I
think that none of you who are
watching this video represents them
today or at least I want to think
something from a decade ago people who what
happens is that later they say that they've changed
and then they let out a burst of air it escaped them
in a burst about him as a guy in the end that
differentiates us a lot from 2013 but no no
I never like it sometimes it's true
that there may be some black humor joke
that makes you
laugh because it's funny it's ignored
bit falls and and a mischief that
makes you laugh but the vast majority doesn't
make me laugh on a personal level the
vast majority is extremely a thousand times
more serious and the consequences are not
even 20 percent it lacks a bit of
balance if recently there was a case of a
kid that the boy of this energy
that there was came out that spoke to minors or
that asked for photos or does anyone remember
since nobody remembers anymore man come on
listen to me you don't remember man we're not
going  until everyone is not enough the whole [ __ ]
life talking about it neither are we going to be
talking about energy every day
but what energy does now is
keep raising rates as if
nothing good had happened let's see if they
are giving it a hard time in the comments
when the teacher sends you first to
look for chairs having breakfast before going to
kindergarten already in plan already what else
can be done no I don't think
anyone stops relating the image of
energy I don't think anyone stops
relating it with what has happened I don't
think anyone stops relating it in him
and never I don't know what could be proven
otherwise and his arguments the truth is that they
were quite weak let's give it there I
don't think anyone
the salt channels or the
youtube channels will go until all day
for the whole life already talking about
energy but I think every time we
remember it what will be its name is
enough linked to what is and continues
live and everyone happily does its
content continues to have its audience as
always that today what are topics that
pass pass turn the page very quickly on the
internet to people who forget very
soon  honestly I wouldn't tell you either you
pretend kid he's capable of tweeting now
I think his reputation has obviously been
ruined at a general level and
rightly so if he continues creating content and there are
people who don't give a damn and
keep watching him he doesn't give you soda in
part it's also true but whatever
happens in youtube wars he's experienced it
with a lot of anime when on
youtube he's fighting with another in the
end unless it is something
like doing jairo blog or something like that
8 am flat not he himself will go flat
but come on I have 10,000 in flats
1% but never 100% of the people
cancel a youtuber there's always
someone or I mean when two people
are debating publicly there's always
someone in the public who gets
a part you never get and you're not going to get to
convince 100% of the
audience that is to say the views of
cancellation if they don't have an objective are
useless it was already plan they are
summarized of that the objective has to be
or to get that person to leave me
social networks social networks have
the  networks those people the networks those
people very drastic and that person
is using the networks to be a
predator and it is a danger that that
person has networks and puts someone in danger
that that person has networks yes
but it is very difficult what case could there be
for the authorities to close
anyone's networks but without objective not
always absolutely nothing with the
objective of the tannery was to warn
other people of course when
someone is canceled that person is already
exposed if you want no because the people
who chatted with him or whatever are
certain caution not to approach him I
mean even a lot of people approach us
because of the reputation it doesn't seem like it
twitter for a day according to
everyone I found a specific person
and that's it and what happens many times
with profiles like that of yes that guy who
knows who they are well those brmmer
we are whatever is that the
cancellation party does not have an objective the
objective is to make jokes make me month and
even there is no objective to point it out
and spread the story that the
victims tell right me when the
time energy came out I was talking about
why we are not talking to the
victims or rather because the victims are not
being  the powerful voice of this
movement if they were not there is one
thing that happened with my harem and that is that
when the energy she in her environment
was occupied that she could have perfectly well been
able to have called a victim
as a former prime that as influence that
she would have given you on your channel for
example with me it would be a good thing that
could have made the victim lame
through your channel and interview the
youth instagram or anything like
that do not give her a voice okay but she dedicated herself
to putting indirect ones that from my point of
view derives found the other time my
problem with you making memes when you
discover that someone is at least a
predator are not the memes as such my
problem is that I think how many of those
who got you on the opposition meme train
are on the side of the victim and would
offer you your support if
necessary I end my answer counting
on an experience that could
say little about itself very few people of those who
today are breaking up the consucc memes will
remember those victims tomorrow and
perhaps by the time they need that
support they will see themselves converted into just another
anecdote and  in all of them from their
experience
and then you see how they shared it, I
chose Luis Michu but with a lot of effort
like Dallas was exposing energy and
those from Bonn from Batilly critical areas and
such, her wing Michu the digital role
sharing videos like Dallas is not the
right one to expose energy and it's
like aunt overcomes fight that has already happened you have
taken it to court they
judged the kid too man in 2018
for the issue of minors and it was all
a brutal pantomime to already make life
until it is that sincerely man I
knew this girl in her day you all
know this girl is not she would have gone
far she cannot overcome it if it had not
been for encountering the movement it is
inherited and I believe I believe it is a
personal opinion I believe that also very
influenced and influenced by the mother
because I believe that the mother has
behaved as if she were an image
girlfriend her really the ones that the
thousands themselves many times sometimes
I think that she will do me even if she had not been
so influenced by her mother that
in the end she would have turned the page sooner
or later because that  they discount
all the moves in all the policies
of mieres to the mother about the dog the
mother
the breakup when dallas made the video
saying that the one who took some
conversations from the computer that she
with the mother the mother told her this the
mother that the things she has had with
the mother that the mother did
public relations with other youtuber
was pending and i think this
girl looked at him nice shot from the heart I
say it would be like christina and neither or
any of those yes the girl in the
position she was and the fame she had
the whole roll would have passed the subject of
those that you can already like more or less
the roll that she had of feminism of
this of the others that is not that she closed
her roll because she herself did not believe in
feminism before she started to
say that she is an abused woman she
passed feminism even
criticized it in her roll her thing
commenting on humor videos
funny video the kid would be like
christina and those people be with a lot
of supplies like presenting this
presenting the other with brands you know
but it  they closed on the subject of laxe
will be the subject to give the seems that we have to
have a super formed and
elaborated opinion on absolutely everything and
this is something that happened to me in 2016
when I began to train in feminism
that it was very good for me to train in
feminine making videos talking about the
subject helps me continue training and
what people will train with me I do not
regret it at all I can stand
the respect really that I think that it is
not that she will train in feminism because
feminism will interest her and because
suddenly changing the ideology I think she
used feminism as a weapon to go
against Dallas she was interested in taking
that position hey look listen to me I am
a victim of gender violence
feminism all against machismo
because maybe I don't think it was her
by herself she was a person of her age
and such at that time and being able to have
succeeded because it is that she could have
succeeded have you imagined
if by the time that I arrived she was
the most I remember when I did
the interview it was as if she was
doing an interview
the interview of the people
was not very accessible as if I were doing
an interview what would I tell you to a friend, you
know something in fact it was much
better for me when I was against the falls
well I was 40 but not because I was with
him or anything but what influenced him the
portal with him the thing he had with the
[ __ ] he breaks up with the couple like all
couples break up with the ex-couples we
had and he finds her on the street
hello how are you parents but any
therefore paraguan because of the dog like the
rule the best possible and you cut the
relationship for the end in such a way
but that if the whole way of
leaving it that he had according to what with what with that
whole conversation that he read not about
the mother telling him about the trip to
Thailand keep the trip to Thailand I do
n't know what then the whole thing about the dog
the whole thing about the complaint that are not
jokes the complaints that that girl makes
is very badly advised because she would not have
needed to have spent the
money that she must have spent lawsuits that she
has lost but how much money must she have
lost in lawsuits is that she does not earn a
moon the money  that has already lost not
only in demand the money that has
stopped earning for not doing well on the
boys' network the money that
this girl could be earning man I
saw that she had art on her she was a
nice simona damn poster content
of vallecas the kisses for a few months
that I have in the fight with the controversy not
like those happening when we get hooked
with someone we don't have a fight with
someone no but if she then
years go by I think that you think that at some
point she can resume her career in the
networks then yes yes yes let the page turn
like that yes not let the page turn no because
in the end there she always has the odds against her
because she is not right about anything about
that issue she is right about nothing in going
the accusations that support them and about the
dog of course in the [ __ ] fix
things turn the page look family that I
start anew that this was an episode
that given and of flavor would give of the episode
of her past nobody could hold it
against her if she had turned the page
thanks she can take it out because it would be
obsessive to hold it against her no no it
would be complicated but everything is possible
in this life worse things have raised her
head  but the problem is that she doesn't
turn the page the last moment where she had
that I know was the Forney tournament of the
blond whether it's a lame Tula stubbornness of
things that she would be today she
would have been in Calama as we have
all been God if she was already famous
when I began to imagine now where would she
be you don't turn the pages you don't
realize that there is no and that there you are not going to
achieve what happened country that's where
life is not going to come out and it's how many
years she has lost we are 67 years
old 67 years creating content and on
YouTube in fact your son would be
through the roof God I think she is badly
advised I think badly advised
because I think they advised her
not to be on the networks even if she
did live while she was
reporting so that she doesn't say this to
tell us the other so that I know it
's your life and there's that thing about your partner for
the people who support her that they support
you but you to your content but yes there
came a time there came a point where I
decided to stop stop doing
dissemination on social networks
another thing is that I  specifically that
posts a tweet that has to do with
feminism but I no longer do dissemination
of feminism I remember recently a
statement that I think was the last
time I answered her in something she released a
statement saying that she had
sued me and that later in revenge I
went as a witness to the dog thing when it was
the other way around when I went to the thing where she lost
besides why lie about
something if it is already lying about things
like why lie about something when there are
papers and Rosa who does not give me paper
first I was a witness to the dog thing and
then I sued and in fact I
was a witness to the dog thing because you started to
give me war with other things a year I
think that doing that there are many things about
content that some do it
intentionally others surely
intentionally but there is a lot of manipulation
a lot of manipulation in
the world of influencers
youtubers streamers as
commented some people do it
intentionally because they are the
most manipulative people send you
[Music] the
end
and I agreed on the video crying about
something they addressed to address the
crying video of wii that she also supported they did
not agree on  video of the album and telam
the milestone these people who
agreed to be in the trade hop visits
some would even say that if they are
sociopaths others for becoming
manipulators but circumstantially
in the end for example in an argument if
now I fight with you we will both be
trying to manipulate the situation to
take our field to
have the truth about a person it is
manipulating I am not arguing with other
people I am not trying to manipulate
my audience to make them believe that I
am the one who is right the first thing is
that I am always right that is the
first and the second is that when I
am fighting with someone that is why
I always challenge them to debates that laugh
at the topics you do not know what debates for
spectacle for 8-1 the subject debates
is because I am so convinced that I am
right that I confronted
people face to face without preparing myself so that
we can discuss and love I am one of the
people I think one of the few I was going to say
but well I do not know if they are few or not but
I am one of the people and you cannot deny this to me
that if I was wrong about
something I recognize it or  cool the machine
was right
but you can talk you can argue
but I never tried to manipulate
people to rise to the proportion
because in the end lies have a
very short path because you know that
from experience a situation we do not
talk about manipulation as if it were
something like a manual movie if we do not
talk about certain behaviors
certain comments certain attitudes
that make people be able to lead themselves
more with you older than another person
when there are big streamers or big
youtubers that have a pique between
them they send the funds
to fight and after the skirt
fights they say no guys I do not think it is
getting into this if you are going to harass it is not
equally bad it is supported by whoever
beat this dick that well then after
days after hours he
says you kid I do not want you to go
harass the moment and during the
next 17 hours of harassment he has not said
anything
to me for javi because I have told you
many times do not go to any I
always say it respect for all
people respect for all people not
just me  the people of this
combine the live but to any
person in the chat and those of us who
are literally she put me in
one of them in the lawsuit she gave me
insults that I did not do that is why I
have pitbull now in the chat and they
allow us to be disrespectful neither to her
nor to eight spas of the
protagonists of the videos that we see
because it is that literally then they put you in
lawsuits as if you were responsible
for what there is put third parties or you know
that even any person who
supports her so that she files the
lawsuit can come to my chat and
enjoy it we understand what is my
fault with others before zero I
am responsible for what I say and
they put you in the d that is why it is very
important that you always have pitbull
in the chat throwing the stone and hiding
the hand yes exactly there are not many
points of manipulation and sometimes it
feels that it generates certain like certain environments
certain auras around her
person that make her fans can
be even more us and idealize them more
in general I think that as a
content creator part of your responsibility is
if you have fans  is to make sure that your
fans materialize our by way will not
recognize the mistakes above all
recognize your mistakes because many do not
recognize their mistakes and when you do not
recognize your mistakes is when you let
people the children or influential people
I know that you all think that I am
perfect but of course I do not have the child
in the chat this goes for Dallas more than
anything because they always say that he
has children I do not I have an older wife
no no no no no it is not for me I think it
goes for darla because they always say that
Dallas has children 28 years will pass and da
la will continue to have children in her
followers that I will not go to elise well
I always yes to my ideal and
tasty and perfect measure and she gifts in her
mistakes well not those of us who in the end
end up martyring ourselves and eating our
heads and feeling guilty her truth
when you have it youtubers who have 12
thousand subscribers 20 thousand subscribers 5
thousand subscribers and on top of that have the
courage to insult the 78 for total
shock or total serious but it is that
acquiring and all the reason is the one that
sends egg a payment that is put
insulting people listen  also a
salsa dancer I will do it yes it is true that
where you and on top of that you insult them
but it does sadden me I mean man there is
nothing wrong with wanting to earn money with
something that in the end is a job that you
are investing so much time another thing
is that it manipulates that audience to
get people to pay you
money that has no bone listen to me
we have talked about this many times since it
is [ __ ] great to have goals here I agree it
is [ __ ] great to
have goals cool for example I want to
have as many subscribers as possible the
best but of course he wants to be able to release
the prime before he takes it and
the weight that I took who can
become a member on YouTube let the
lady act I am not interested if today you have
1,200 members but there are people who
use the pity and that you can act
like you are a poor person who does not earn
money and that his car falls apart
so that they donate more that is not worth it
from my point of view there you are right the one who
talks to people decided man but it
is that if you remember  to people from time
to time who can subscribe you are going to
have more subscribers every month and
then it happens to me there are times that I remember it
and then I don't feel well except it
seems that you are not going to feel well
because you remember it
civic that willing family
everyone member people them to the ceo I think I
feel terrible right now for having said
that but well
this
happens to me it happens to me too many
times almost every day it makes me pure
ask you how much the
eyes
and eye as it is let's see this then it
will come to the wounds that he does not do it because he is
looking for controversy, I mean, I will criticize
other creators to them if you can
criticize I will criticize other
creators but to make matters worse, pay attention to
what he says it is content made for
me I don't know that they are not a bore they spend
in a live store they are live for two hours
and maybe 55 minutes and those hours
are in silence with a lost look
or watching a video reacting to a
video without commenting absolutely anything about the
video look really if you weren't
friends with that person I don't know how I would
be
here
Yuki to whoever they are go bring that barb the
shampoo now so that  puya has gone for
someone the same has said friend that
couple I know that she by what I noticed
the twitter interactions that you have been
sending me these months that she
has to cross abiding since the
villa island happens true the but as with
a girl be you also want that you did not
become known for being
dallas' girlfriend or so she herself
recognized her in him neither bad nor good be the
same villa
gives a push in the 9 d auro nothing bad
okay but I also know lightning that it pisses you off
with the fact that they will not invite her to
any series and things like that it was clarified to
her the last time they invited her something
was to the rubin tournament that she did not
know someone to put her in or
something no but look this was when the
squid tournament in quotes no the
influences deserve the same validation
as her companions she is already queen site
loader and [ __ ] idea of what that means
okay she will not be able to say it ok but
then because for a girl it is five
times more difficult to access x
spaces and her aggressor is who knows
who  she refers to her aggressors
they have open doors and the key on a
silver platter my goodness how toxic
are women and I mean who are you
criticizing to say her aggressors
can enter events and others not
well the event I'm saying them
but this was coincidentally with those
from Lugo del Calamar okay like who are you
referring to it has been put you will enter places where you
can enter because you have
contact because you have relevance because
you see people but if you criticize
and make barbs at the people who organize
the event then normally I don't think they will
invite you but then however
three or four days later there is someone here
proposing to create an event an event to
a cooking video and she signs up and says
ok you're signed up so if she invites you you are
invited to the things of the people she
takes you with and who you don't
mess with but if you are always with the
barbs and the story here maybe not
throwing barbs to see if she goes there
invites her to the topic of the evening
here a colleague of hers says unfortunately
and due to certain circumstances I will not be
able to attend the awards at the
event  I had everything prepared
but sometimes things go wrong and well, it's
not a bad invitation and it turns out and that's how I am
this is a way to get attention
it's a way to get attention for which they do
n't invite you know and it's like well
here she's complaining that the
Spanish tweet account never includes her or
her entourage because it seems like it's run by a
fan or a colleague of the same four
people as always no and then she says
well in fact it doesn't seem like it to me it is I do
n't understand Mieres' position he doesn't
want to talk to people he throws
barbs at people he attacks people a lot
but then he complains about not getting
invited to places going like an aunt she's
cool with people other things in which she
has to be obvious your thing with your
circle create an event with erc ido the
Afore of the other with that one she's not going to have a
problem because they're wishing death
the feet with that one let's go that one shows you a
path on a red carpet and good
family that's it for here the video okay I hope
you liked it put me in the
comment box what do you think of course
always with respect it is always with
respect no  always get into trouble with
respect, not only the
protagonists of the video but you in
the comments box as well, as you have
seen, you have seen, maybe he comes
with the same thoughts of war or
have you seen more charges, I have seen him
a little with the machine gun, yes, I have seen
a little with the machine gun, dad, dad, mom,
dad distributing a little bit of it and I like it, I like
that there is it so that I
have topics that I commented that we are not
going to win family until the next
video
[Music]